sing o barren you who have not born
sing o barren you who have not born break forth into singing and cry aloud
break forth into singing and cry aloud
break forth into singing and cry aloud you who have not labored with child for
you who have not labored with child for
you who have not labored with child for more are the children of the desolate
more are the children of the desolate
more are the children of the desolate than the children of the married woman
than the children of the married woman
than the children of the married woman enlarge the place of your tent and let
enlarge the place of your tent and let
enlarge the place of your tent and let them stretch out the curtains of your
them stretch out the curtains of your
them stretch out the curtains of your dwellings do not spare lengthen your
dwellings do not spare lengthen your
dwellings do not spare lengthen your cords and strengthen your stakes for you
cords and strengthen your stakes for you
cords and strengthen your stakes for you shall expand to the right and to the
shall expand to the right and to the
shall expand to the right and to the left and your descendants will inherit
left and your descendants will inherit
left and your descendants will inherit the nations and make the desolate cities
the nations and make the desolate cities
the nations and make the desolate cities inhabited do not feel for you will not
inhabited do not feel for you will not
inhabited do not feel for you will not be ashamed neither be disgraced for you
be ashamed neither be disgraced for you
be ashamed neither be disgraced for you will not be put to shame for you will
will not be put to shame for you will
will not be put to shame for you will forget the shame of your youth and will
forget the shame of your youth and will
forget the shame of your youth and will not remember the reproach of your
not remember the reproach of your
not remember the reproach of your widowhood anymore for your maker is your
widowhood anymore for your maker is your
widowhood anymore for your maker is your husband the Lord of Hosts is his name
husband the Lord of Hosts is his name
husband the Lord of Hosts is his name and your redeemer is the Holy One of
and your redeemer is the Holy One of
and your redeemer is the Holy One of Israel he is called the god of the whole
Israel he is called the god of the whole
Israel he is called the god of the whole earth for the Lord has called you like a
earth for the Lord has called you like a
earth for the Lord has called you like a woman Forsaken and grieved in spirit
woman Forsaken and grieved in spirit
woman Forsaken and grieved in spirit like a youthful wife when you were
like a youthful wife when you were
like a youthful wife when you were refused says your God for a mere moment
refused says your God for a mere moment
refused says your God for a mere moment I have forsaken you
I have forsaken you
I have forsaken you Mercy's I will gather you with a little
Mercy's I will gather you with a little
Mercy's I will gather you with a little wrath I hid my face from you for a
wrath I hid my face from you for a
wrath I hid my face from you for a moment
moment
moment but with everlasting kindness I will
but with everlasting kindness I will
but with everlasting kindness I will have mercy on you
have mercy on you
have mercy on you says the Lord your Redeemer for this is
says the Lord your Redeemer for this is
says the Lord your Redeemer for this is like the waters of Noah to me for as I
like the waters of Noah to me for as I
like the waters of Noah to me for as I have sworn that the waters of Noah would
have sworn that the waters of Noah would
have sworn that the waters of Noah would no longer cover the earth so have I
no longer cover the earth so have I
no longer cover the earth so have I sworn that I would not be angry with you
sworn that I would not be angry with you
sworn that I would not be angry with you nor rebuke you for the mountains shall
nor rebuke you for the mountains shall
nor rebuke you for the mountains shall depart and the hills be removed but my
depart and the hills be removed but my
depart and the hills be removed but my kindness shall not depart from you nor
kindness shall not depart from you nor
kindness shall not depart from you nor shall my covenant of peace be removed
shall my covenant of peace be removed
shall my covenant of peace be removed says the Lord who has mercy on you
says the Lord who has mercy on you
says the Lord who has mercy on you o you afflicted one tossed with tempest
o you afflicted one tossed with tempest
o you afflicted one tossed with tempest and not comforted behold I will lay your
and not comforted behold I will lay your
and not comforted behold I will lay your stones with colorful gems and lay your
stones with colorful gems and lay your
stones with colorful gems and lay your foundations with sapphires I will make
foundations with sapphires I will make
foundations with sapphires I will make your pinnacles of rubies your gates of
your pinnacles of rubies your gates of
your pinnacles of rubies your gates of crystal and all your walls of precious
crystal and all your walls of precious
crystal and all your walls of precious stones all your children shall be taught
stones all your children shall be taught
stones all your children shall be taught by the Lord and great shall be the peace
by the Lord and great shall be the peace
by the Lord and great shall be the peace of your children in righteousness you
of your children in righteousness you
of your children in righteousness you shall be established you shall be far
shall be established you shall be far
shall be established you shall be far from oppression for you shall not fear
from oppression for you shall not fear
from oppression for you shall not fear and from terror for it shall not come
and from terror for it shall not come
and from terror for it shall not come near him indeed they shall surely
near him indeed they shall surely
near him indeed they shall surely assemble but not because of me whoever
assemble but not because of me whoever
assemble but not because of me whoever assembles against you shall fall for
assembles against you shall fall for
assembles against you shall fall for your sake behold I have created the
your sake behold I have created the
your sake behold I have created the blacksmith who blows the coals in the
blacksmith who blows the coals in the
blacksmith who blows the coals in the fire who brings forth an instrument for
fire who brings forth an instrument for
fire who brings forth an instrument for his work and I have created the spoiling
his work and I have created the spoiling
his work and I have created the spoiling to destroy
to destroy
to destroy weapon formed against you shall prosper
weapon formed against you shall prosper
weapon formed against you shall prosper and every tongue which rises against you
and every tongue which rises against you
and every tongue which rises against you in judgment you shall condemn this is
in judgment you shall condemn this is
in judgment you shall condemn this is the heritage of the servants of the Lord
the heritage of the servants of the Lord
the heritage of the servants of the Lord and their righteousness is from me